this man shot Walt Delacroix in raped Oh
Percy and stabbed her 17 times in
courtroom in a sentence and he was
smiling and chewing his gum he is an
unfeeling perverse misfit and it is time
you've put in a request to be the
spiritual advisor to Matthew Poncelet
this boys be executed in six days
do you know what you're getting into
they are all con ma'am you must be very
very careful well Matthew I made it you
never done this before
no that man is supposed to a murderer
before not that I know uh what is it
doing in a place like it ain't you
nobody asked about it god I did Poncelet
claims Vitello kill both him huh mostly
the other did actually killing us on my
line somebody let's talk about that
night I won't talk about that as your
friend I want to help you die with
dignity and I don't see how you can do
that unless you start to own up to the
part you played and Walter and hopes
death
let's come rob me of my only son you
don't know when you see your child lead
through a door that you're never gonna
see them alive again do you ever think
about those kids I won't take a lot of
take you know what my mom and no I
didn't kill him kill how can you sit by
Poncelet side I like being alone with
you you're looking real good to me
death is breathing down your neck you're
playing your little man on the make
games you still got a judge in the
federal court that could put a stop
first just be in the woods that man I
told y'all stoned out of my head you
blame the government blame drugs you
blame blacks you're not a cop what about
Matthew Poncelet this is not a person
this is an animal I got finger two to
say the purses in the Delacorte want
your last words four words a hatred
[Music]
the writer director Tim Robbins comes a
story about looking for the eyes of a
killer and finding the heart of a man
susan sarandon our last thing you say in
this world to be face Sean Penn no more
okay
please don't execute this man
get man walking
[Music]